Remove the Beta flag from Seal HA (#27437) (#27442)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/concepts/seal.mdx

## Seal High Availability (Enterprise)

> Seal high availability (Seal HA) allows the configuration of more than one auto 
> seal mechanism such that Vault can tolerate the temporary loss of a seal service 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Seal high availability (seal HA) lets you configure multiple auto seal
mechanisms so your Vault cluster can tolerate the temporary loss of a seal
service.
```
Style correction: write in active voice

Author: We use this style pretty pervasively, I'd rather tackle that kind of change more holistically so as not to have a mismatch in the docs.
